Add troubleshooting documentation for Test Explorer (#7841)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/csharp/cs-dev-kit-faq.md

Build your solution by right-clicking on the solution in the Solution Explorer and select **Build** or `kb(workbench.action.tasks.build)`. Once the build has been completed, your tests will appear in the Test Explorer panel.

### How do I collect logs for troubleshooting issues with Test Explorer?

> If you are encountering issues with Test Explorer, you can enable diagnostic logging to gather more information for troubleshooting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are encountering issues with Test Explorer, you can enable diagnostic logging to gather more information for troubleshooting:

```

> 1. Increase Test Explorer Verbosity:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Increase Test Explorer verbosity:
```

> Navigate to the C# Dev Kit settings and increase the Test Explorer Verbosity setting from minimal to diagnostic. This will generate more detailed logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Navigate to the C# Dev Kit settings and increase the Test Explorer Verbosity setting from `minimal` to `diagnostic`. This will generate more detailed logs.
```

2. Check the Output Window:

> Open the Output window in Visual Studio Code, and select C# Dev Kit - Test Explorer from the dropdown. Diagnostic messages will appear with a [dev] prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Open the Output window in Visual Studio Code, and select **C# Dev Kit - Test Explorer** from the dropdown. Diagnostic messages will appear with a `[dev]` prefix.
```

> 3. Collect the Following Information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Collect the following information:
```

   When reporting an issue, ensure you include:
   - The diagnostic logs from the Output window.

>    - Your operating system (e.g., Windows 10, macOS 13).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Your operating system and version (for example, Windows 10, macOS 13).
```

>    - The version of the C# Dev Kit extension you are using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The version of the C# Dev Kit extension you are using. Go to the Extensions view, and hover over the extension to view the version information.
```
